# @grbn/kit

## Functions

- [createUsableContext](Function.createUsableContext.md)
- [findNodeBy](Function.findNodeBy.md)
- [findNodeOfType](Function.findNodeOfType.md)
- [interleaveWithObject](Function.interleaveWithObject.md)
- [isMounted](Function.isMounted.md)


# Function: createUsableContext()

```ts
function createUsableContext<T>(name): object;
```

Defined in: [create-usable-context.ts:28](https://github.com/iagurban/kit/blob/8b774e0e19a5bd4b27ec02cbd39cc62b919e327f/src/react/create-usable-context.ts#L28)

A utility function to create a reusable React context with strict type safety.

This function generates a context that enforces access to values through
custom hooks, ensuring that a value is always provided within the React
component tree or explicitly handled otherwise.

## Type Parameters

### T `T`

The type of the value that the context will hold.

## Parameters

### name `string`

The display name of the context, used for debugging and error messages.

## Returns

`object`

### ctx

```ts
ctx: Context<T | undefined>;
```

### provider

```ts
provider: Provider<T | undefined>;
```

### use()

```ts
use: () => T;
```

#### Returns `T`

### useIfProvided()

```ts
useIfProvided: () => T | undefined;
```

#### Returns `T` \| `undefined`


# Function: findNodeBy()

```ts
function findNodeBy<T>(n, is): T | null;
```

Defined in: [html.ts:30](https://github.com/iagurban/kit/blob/8b774e0e19a5bd4b27ec02cbd39cc62b919e327f/src/react/html.ts#L30)

Recursively searches for and returns a node within the DOM tree that satisfies a specified condition.

## Type Parameters

### T `T` *extends* `Element`

The type of element to be returned.

## Parameters

### n `Element`

The root element to start the search from.

### is

(`e`) => `boolean`

A callback function that takes an element as an argument and returns a boolean indicating whether the element matches the desired condition.

## Returns

`T` \| `null`

- Returns the first element of type T that matches the condition, or null if no matching element is found.


# Function: findNodeOfType()

```ts
function findNodeOfType<T>(n, nodeName): T | null;
```

Defined in: [html.ts:9](https://github.com/iagurban/kit/blob/8b774e0e19a5bd4b27ec02cbd39cc62b919e327f/src/react/html.ts#L9)

Recursively searches for a node of the specified type within a given element's descendants.

## Type Parameters

### T `T` *extends* `Element`

The specific type of the node to be returned, extending the base Element type.

## Parameters

### n `Element`

The starting element to begin the search from.

### nodeName `string`

The name of the node to search for (case-sensitive).

## Returns

`T` \| `null`

- Returns the first matching node cast to the specified type, or null if no match is found.


# Function: interleaveWithObject()

```ts
function interleaveWithObject<T, V>(a, o): (T | V)[];
```

Defined in: [interleave-with-object.ts:10](https://github.com/iagurban/kit/blob/8b774e0e19a5bd4b27ec02cbd39cc62b919e327f/src/react/interleave-with-object.ts#L10)

Interleaves elements of an array with additional elements generated by a provided function.

## Type Parameters

### T `T`

The type of the elements in the input array.

### V `V`

The type of the elements generated by the function.

## Parameters

### a `T`[]

The input array to be interleaved.

### o

(`prev`, `i`) => `V`

A function that generates a new element to interleave. It receives the previous element (either from the array or previously generated) and its index in the process.

## Returns

(`T` \| `V`)[]

A new array where elements from the input array are interleaved with the elements generated by the function.


# Function: isMounted()

```ts
function isMounted(node): boolean;
```

Defined in: [html.ts:53](https://github.com/iagurban/kit/blob/8b774e0e19a5bd4b27ec02cbd39cc62b919e327f/src/react/html.ts#L53)

Checks if a given HTML element is mounted to the DOM.

This function determines whether the specified HTML element is part of the document's
node tree, either directly or through one of its parent elements, ensuring it is connected
to the document and therefore "mounted."

## Parameters

### node `HTMLElement`

The HTML element to be checked for its mounted status.

## Returns

`boolean`

True if the element is mounted to the DOM, false otherwise.
