# Class: NullError

Defined in: [IdeaProjects/kit/kit/src/core/errors/null-error.ts:4](https://github.com/iagurban/kit/blob/1e781a5487ee363602a36fe6fd9858d348e2b67a/src/core/errors/null-error.ts#L4)

An error that is thrown when a value is unexpectedly null or undefined.

## Extends

- `Error`

## Properties

### stackTraceLimit {#stacktracelimit}

```ts
static stackTraceLimit: number;
```

Defined in: .yarn/berry/cache/@types-node-npm-24.10.1-d514f50dfd-10c0.zip/node\_modules/@types/node/globals.d.ts:68

The `Error.stackTraceLimit` property specifies the number of stack frames
collected by a stack trace (whether generated by `new Error().stack` or
`Error.captureStackTrace(obj)`).

The default value is `10` but may be set to any valid JavaScript number. Changes
will affect any stack trace captured _after_ the value has been changed.

If set to a non-number value, or set to a negative number, stack traces will
not capture any frames.

#### Inherited from

```ts
Error.stackTraceLimit
```

## Methods

### captureStackTrace() {#capturestacktrace}

```ts
static captureStackTrace(targetObject, constructorOpt?): void;
```

Defined in: .yarn/berry/cache/@types-node-npm-24.10.1-d514f50dfd-10c0.zip/node\_modules/@types/node/globals.d.ts:52

Creates a `.stack` property on `targetObject`, which when accessed returns
a string representing the location in the code at which
`Error.captureStackTrace()` was called.

```js
const myObject = {};
Error.captureStackTrace(myObject);
myObject.stack;  // Similar to `new Error().stack`
```

The first line of the trace will be prefixed with
`${myObject.name}: ${myObject.message}`.

The optional `constructorOpt` argument accepts a function. If given, all frames
above `constructorOpt`, including `constructorOpt`, will be omitted from the
generated stack trace.

The `constructorOpt` argument is useful for hiding implementation
details of error generation from the user. For instance:

```js
function a() {
  b();
}

function b() {
  c();
}

function c() {
  // Create an error without stack trace to avoid calculating the stack trace twice.
  const { stackTraceLimit } = Error;
  Error.stackTraceLimit = 0;
  const error = new Error();
  Error.stackTraceLimit = stackTraceLimit;

  // Capture the stack trace above function b
  Error.captureStackTrace(error, b); // Neither function c, nor b is included in the stack trace
  throw error;
}

a();
```

#### Parameters

##### targetObject

`object`

##### constructorOpt?

`Function`

#### Returns

`void`

#### Inherited from

```ts
Error.captureStackTrace
```

***

### prepareStackTrace() {#preparestacktrace}

```ts
static prepareStackTrace(err, stackTraces): any;
```

Defined in: .yarn/berry/cache/@types-node-npm-24.10.1-d514f50dfd-10c0.zip/node\_modules/@types/node/globals.d.ts:56

#### Parameters

##### err

`Error`

##### stackTraces

`CallSite`[]

#### Returns

`any`

#### See

https://v8.dev/docs/stack-trace-api#customizing-stack-traces

#### Inherited from

```ts
Error.prepareStackTrace
```
