# Function: multiRecurringDenier()

```ts
function multiRecurringDenier<Fn, K>(
   fn, 
   key, 
error): (...args) => ReturnType<Fn>;
```

Defined in: [IdeaProjects/kit/kit/src/core/functions/deny-recursion.ts:86](https://github.com/iagurban/kit/blob/ec465b6e47e708a8ef4d0428d6692d00149ad444/src/core/functions/deny-recursion.ts#L86)

A higher-order function that wraps a given function to prevent
multiple concurrent invocations with the same key. This utility
ensures that only a single operation is in progress for a given
key at a time, rejecting new invocations for that key until the
current operation completes.

## Type Parameters

### Fn

`Fn` *extends* [`AnyAnyFunction`](TypeAlias.AnyAnyFunction.md)

The type of the function to be wrapped.

### K

`K`

The type of the key derived from the function arguments.

## Parameters

### fn

`Fn`

The original function to be wrapped. This function
    will be called with the supplied arguments when no other
    in-progress call with the same key is detected.

### key

(...`args`) => `K`

A function that derives
    a unique key from the arguments supplied to the wrapped function.
    This key will be used to track in-progress and completed calls.

### error

(...`args`) => `string` \| `Error`

A function
    that generates an error message or an error object when an attempt
    is made to call the wrapped function concurrently with the same key.
    The error message or object will be used in the rejection.

## Returns

A new function
    that wraps the given function. When called, this function calculates
    the key for the invocation, monitors concurrent executions for the
    same key, and prevents redundant invocations. If a conflict occurs,
    an error is thrown with the provided error message or object.

```ts
(...args): ReturnType<Fn>;
```

### Parameters

#### args

...`Parameters`\<`Fn`\>

### Returns

`ReturnType`\<`Fn`\>

## Throws

Throws an error generated by the `error` parameter if
    a duplicate concurrent invocation is detected for a particular key.
