# Class: UnauthenticatedError

Defined in: [IdeaProjects/kit/kit/src/graphql/unauthenticated-error.ts:6](https://github.com/iagurban/kit/blob/1e781a5487ee363602a36fe6fd9858d348e2b67a/src/graphql/unauthenticated-error.ts#L6)

An error that is thrown when a user is not authenticated.

## Extends

- `GraphQLError`

## Constructors

### Constructor

```ts
new UnauthenticatedError(message): UnauthenticatedError;
```

Defined in: [IdeaProjects/kit/kit/src/graphql/unauthenticated-error.ts:11](https://github.com/iagurban/kit/blob/1e781a5487ee363602a36fe6fd9858d348e2b67a/src/graphql/unauthenticated-error.ts#L11)

Creates a new UnauthenticatedError.

#### Parameters

##### message

`string` = `'Unauthenticated'`

The error message.

#### Returns

`UnauthenticatedError`

#### Overrides

```ts
GraphQLError.constructor
```

## Properties

### extensions {#extensions}

```ts
readonly extensions: GraphQLErrorExtensions;
```

Defined in: .yarn/berry/cache/graphql-npm-16.12.0-6b85a803c3-10c0.zip/node\_modules/graphql/error/GraphQLError.d.ts:89

Extension fields to add to the formatted error.

#### Inherited from

```ts
GraphQLError.extensions
```

***

### locations {#locations}

```ts
readonly locations: readonly SourceLocation[] | undefined;
```

Defined in: .yarn/berry/cache/graphql-npm-16.12.0-6b85a803c3-10c0.zip/node\_modules/graphql/error/GraphQLError.d.ts:58

An array of `{ line, column }` locations within the source GraphQL document
which correspond to this error.

Errors during validation often contain multiple locations, for example to
point out two things with the same name. Errors during execution include a
single location, the field which produced the error.

Enumerable, and appears in the result of JSON.stringify().

#### Inherited from

```ts
GraphQLError.locations
```

***

### nodes {#nodes}

```ts
readonly nodes: readonly ASTNode[] | undefined;
```

Defined in: .yarn/berry/cache/graphql-npm-16.12.0-6b85a803c3-10c0.zip/node\_modules/graphql/error/GraphQLError.d.ts:69

An array of GraphQL AST Nodes corresponding to this error.

#### Inherited from

```ts
GraphQLError.nodes
```

***

### originalError {#originalerror}

```ts
readonly originalError: Error | undefined;
```

Defined in: .yarn/berry/cache/graphql-npm-16.12.0-6b85a803c3-10c0.zip/node\_modules/graphql/error/GraphQLError.d.ts:85

The original error thrown from a field resolver during execution.

#### Inherited from

```ts
GraphQLError.originalError
```

***

### path {#path}

```ts
readonly path: readonly (string | number)[] | undefined;
```

Defined in: .yarn/berry/cache/graphql-npm-16.12.0-6b85a803c3-10c0.zip/node\_modules/graphql/error/GraphQLError.d.ts:65

An array describing the JSON-path into the execution response which
corresponds to this error. Only included for errors during execution.

Enumerable, and appears in the result of JSON.stringify().

#### Inherited from

```ts
GraphQLError.path
```

***

### positions {#positions}

```ts
readonly positions: readonly number[] | undefined;
```

Defined in: .yarn/berry/cache/graphql-npm-16.12.0-6b85a803c3-10c0.zip/node\_modules/graphql/error/GraphQLError.d.ts:81

An array of character offsets within the source GraphQL document
which correspond to this error.

#### Inherited from

```ts
GraphQLError.positions
```

***

### source {#source}

```ts
readonly source: Source | undefined;
```

Defined in: .yarn/berry/cache/graphql-npm-16.12.0-6b85a803c3-10c0.zip/node\_modules/graphql/error/GraphQLError.d.ts:76

The source GraphQL document for the first location of this error.

Note that if this Error represents more than one node, the source may not
represent nodes after the first node.

#### Inherited from

```ts
GraphQLError.source
```

***

### stackTraceLimit {#stacktracelimit}

```ts
static stackTraceLimit: number;
```

Defined in: .yarn/berry/cache/@types-node-npm-24.10.1-d514f50dfd-10c0.zip/node\_modules/@types/node/globals.d.ts:68

The `Error.stackTraceLimit` property specifies the number of stack frames
collected by a stack trace (whether generated by `new Error().stack` or
`Error.captureStackTrace(obj)`).

The default value is `10` but may be set to any valid JavaScript number. Changes
will affect any stack trace captured _after_ the value has been changed.

If set to a non-number value, or set to a negative number, stack traces will
not capture any frames.

#### Inherited from

```ts
GraphQLError.stackTraceLimit
```

## Methods

### toString() {#tostring}

```ts
toString(): string;
```

Defined in: .yarn/berry/cache/graphql-npm-16.12.0-6b85a803c3-10c0.zip/node\_modules/graphql/error/GraphQLError.d.ts:108

Returns a string representation of an object.

#### Returns

`string`

#### Inherited from

```ts
GraphQLError.toString
```

***

### captureStackTrace() {#capturestacktrace}

```ts
static captureStackTrace(targetObject, constructorOpt?): void;
```

Defined in: .yarn/berry/cache/@types-node-npm-24.10.1-d514f50dfd-10c0.zip/node\_modules/@types/node/globals.d.ts:52

Creates a `.stack` property on `targetObject`, which when accessed returns
a string representing the location in the code at which
`Error.captureStackTrace()` was called.

```js
const myObject = {};
Error.captureStackTrace(myObject);
myObject.stack;  // Similar to `new Error().stack`
```

The first line of the trace will be prefixed with
`${myObject.name}: ${myObject.message}`.

The optional `constructorOpt` argument accepts a function. If given, all frames
above `constructorOpt`, including `constructorOpt`, will be omitted from the
generated stack trace.

The `constructorOpt` argument is useful for hiding implementation
details of error generation from the user. For instance:

```js
function a() {
  b();
}

function b() {
  c();
}

function c() {
  // Create an error without stack trace to avoid calculating the stack trace twice.
  const { stackTraceLimit } = Error;
  Error.stackTraceLimit = 0;
  const error = new Error();
  Error.stackTraceLimit = stackTraceLimit;

  // Capture the stack trace above function b
  Error.captureStackTrace(error, b); // Neither function c, nor b is included in the stack trace
  throw error;
}

a();
```

#### Parameters

##### targetObject

`object`

##### constructorOpt?

`Function`

#### Returns

`void`

#### Inherited from

```ts
GraphQLError.captureStackTrace
```

***

### prepareStackTrace() {#preparestacktrace}

```ts
static prepareStackTrace(err, stackTraces): any;
```

Defined in: .yarn/berry/cache/@types-node-npm-24.10.1-d514f50dfd-10c0.zip/node\_modules/@types/node/globals.d.ts:56

#### Parameters

##### err

`Error`

##### stackTraces

`CallSite`[]

#### Returns

`any`

#### See

https://v8.dev/docs/stack-trace-api#customizing-stack-traces

#### Inherited from

```ts
GraphQLError.prepareStackTrace
```
